README.md, before:

#  [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Coverage Status][coverage-image]][coverage-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url]

> Yodlee API wrapper for node.


## Installation

```sh
$ npm install --save yodlee
```

## Usage

```js
var yodlee = require('yodlee');
```


## Authentication using Cobrand Credentials
Yodlee requires a cobSessionToken before we can access the API. Get your credentials [here](https://devnow.yodlee.com).

```js
yodlee.use({
    username: 'sbCobExampleAdminUser',
    password: '96d621ec-2323-4664-b2fa-17ba6796b116'
});

```

## OAuth Requests
Yodlee uses the standard oauth authentication flow in order to allow apps to act on a user's behalf. The API provides a convenience method to help you authenticate your users. 

```js
yodlee.getAccessToken({
    username: 'sbMemsomeuser',
    password: 'sbMemsomeuser#123'
})
  .then(function(accessToken) {})
  .catch(function(error) {}); 

```

## Using the API
### GET User Accounts
Returns the information related to the specified accounts aggregated by the User: [Yodlee Docs](https://developer.yodlee.com/Aggregation_API/Aggregation_Services_Guide/Aggregation_REST_API_Reference/getSiteAccounts)


```js
yodlee.getAccounts(accessToken)
  .then(function(response) {})
  .catch(function(error) {}); 

```

### GET User Transactions
Executes a transaction search and returns the first page result: [Yodlee Docs](https://developer.yodlee.com/Aggregation_API/Aggregation_Services_Guide/Aggregation_REST_API_Reference/executeUserSearchRequest)

```js
yodlee.getTransactions(accessToken, {
  containerType: 'All',
  higherFetchLimit: 500,
  lowerFetchLimit: 1,
  resultRangeEndNumber: 60,
  resultRangeStartNumber: 1,
  searchFilterCurrencyCode: 'GBP',
  ignoreUserInput: true
})
  .then(function(response) {})
  .catch(function(error) {}); 

```

## Contributing

##### Unit tests
Unit test are written in [Mocha](http://visionmedia.github.io/mocha/). Please add a unit test for every new feature or bug fix. `npm test` to run the test suite.  

##### Documentation
Add documentation for every API change. Feel free to send corrections or better docs!  

##### Pull Requests
Send _fixes_ PR on the `master` branch.

## License
MIT © [Craig Richardson](https://www.linkedin.com/in/craigalanrichardson)

[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/yodlee.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/yodlee
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/craigrich/yodlee.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/craigrich/yodlee
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/craigrich/yodlee.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/craigrich/yodlee
[coverage-image]: https://coveralls.io/repos/craigrich/yodlee/badge.svg?branch=master
[coverage-url]: https://coveralls.io/r/craigrich/yodlee?branch=master

Commit message:

Made duplicate and added credits to original repository holder

README.md, after:

#  [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Coverage Status][coverage-image]][coverage-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url]

> Yodlee API wrapper for node.


## Installation

```sh
$ npm install --save yodlee.js
```

## Usage

```js
var yodlee = require('yodlee.js');
```


## Authentication using Cobrand Credentials
Yodlee requires a cobSessionToken before we can access the API. Get your credentials [here](https://devnow.yodlee.com).

```js
yodlee.use({
    username: 'sbCobExampleAdminUser',
    password: '96d621ec-2323-4664-b2fa-17ba6796b116'
});

```

## OAuth Requests
Yodlee uses the standard oauth authentication flow in order to allow apps to act on a user's behalf. The API provides a convenience method to help you authenticate your users.

```js
yodlee.getAccessToken({
    username: 'sbMemsomeuser',
    password: 'sbMemsomeuser#123'
})
  .then(function(accessToken) {})
  .catch(function(error) {});

```

## Using the API
### GET User Accounts
Returns the information related to the specified accounts aggregated by the User: [Yodlee Docs](https://developer.yodlee.com/Aggregation_API/Aggregation_Services_Guide/Aggregation_REST_API_Reference/getSiteAccounts)


```js
yodlee.getAccounts(accessToken)
  .then(function(response) {})
  .catch(function(error) {});

```

### GET User Transactions
Executes a transaction search and returns the first page result: [Yodlee Docs](https://developer.yodlee.com/Aggregation_API/Aggregation_Services_Guide/Aggregation_REST_API_Reference/executeUserSearchRequest)

```js
yodlee.getTransactions(accessToken, {
  containerType: 'All',
  higherFetchLimit: 500,
  lowerFetchLimit: 1,
  resultRangeEndNumber: 60,
  resultRangeStartNumber: 1,
  searchFilterCurrencyCode: 'GBP',
  ignoreUserInput: true
})
  .then(function(response) {})
  .catch(function(error) {});

```

## Contributing

##### Unit tests
Unit test are written in [Mocha](http://visionmedia.github.io/mocha/). Please add a unit test for every new feature or bug fix. `npm test` to run the test suite.  

##### Documentation
Add documentation for every API change. Feel free to send corrections or better docs!  

##### Pull Requests
Send _fixes_ PR on the `master` branch.


## Credits
This application uses Open Source components. You can find the source code of their open source projects along with license information below. We acknowledge and are grateful to these developers for their contributions to open source.

Project: Yodlee https://github.com/craigrich/yodlee
Copyright Craig Richardson
License (MIT)
